    End User Licence Agreement For Update for RVDS 2.2 ("ARM Product")

IMPORTANT: READ CAREFULLY PRIOR TO ANY INSTALLATION OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE

The update file(s) ("Patch") accompanying this End User Licence Agreement
contains updated versions of the software or firmware (as the case may be) for
the ARM Product. The Patch is owned by ARM Limited ("ARM") or its licensors and 
is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties as well as
other intellectual property laws and treaties. The Patch is licensed not sold.

This End User Licence Agreement shall serve as an amendment ("Amendment") to 
the ARM End User Licence Agreement ("EULA") you acquired with the ARM Product.
Except as provided in this Amendment, this Patch is licensed to you under the 
same terms and conditions contained in the EULA.

For your convenience, some software components or updates, including but not 
limited to ARM Embedded Linux components and certain other third party 
components, may be supplied with the Patch, or may have been supplied with your 
copy of the ARM Product, but may be governed by their own separate licence 
agreement, for example any components to which any of the GNU Public Licences
apply (collectively "Components"). This Amendment does NOT apply to such 
Components. You may only use such Components in accordance with their 
applicable licence agreement, a copy of which should be included with the 
software component concerned.

1. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the EULA and this Amendment, 
or if you do not have a valid current EULA from ARM for the copy of the ARM 
Product that you wish to update, then you are not authorised to install or use 
the Patch.

2. You are not permitted to redistribute or sub-license the use of the Patch or 
its contents.

3. The Patch is supplied "AS IS" without any warranty, including but not 
limited to the warranties of fitness for purpose, satisfactory quality and 
non-infringement. If you have a valid support contract with ARM for the ARM 
Product, then you may receive support for the Patch; however this Amendment 
does not give you any additional right to receive support. Details of how to 
obtain support from your supplier, whether ARM or another vendor, can be found
in the Technical Support area of http://www.arm.com.

4. The Patch may contain or be derived from portions of materials provided by a 
third party. Such third party is an intended third party of this Amendment 
and/or the EULA and as such, has power to directly enforce their terms to the 
extent that such third party materials are affected.

5. This Amendment is governed by English law.

/end
20 November 2003
ARM contract references:		LEC-ELA-00057-v1.0 	AB/AB
